When reviewing your app, School App by TOYAR (lk.toyar.schoolapp), we found that it doesn’t comply with one or more of our Google Play policies, which has affected your app’s status.

Publishing Status	
App Status: Rejected
Changes to your app weren’t published because of the policy issue(s) listed below. If you have an older version of your app, it will still be available on Google Play.

You can learn more about this issue and how to fix it on Play Console.

Go to Play Console
	
Issue found: Permission use is not directly related to your app’s core purpose.
We found that your app is not compliant with how the READ_MEDIA_IMAGES/READ_MEDIA_VIDEO permissions are allowed to be used.

Your app only requires one-time or infrequent access to media files on the device. Only apps with a core use case that require persistent access to photo and video files located in shared storage on devices are allowed to use photo and video permissions. For more details on the requirements, please see Google Play's Photo and Video Permissions policy.

Issue details

We found an issue in the following area(s):

Policy Declaration for Photo Picker: Your app only requires one-time or infrequent access to media files on the device.
Version code 510: In-app experience
To resolve this issue, follow these steps:

To comply with Google Play's Photo and Video Permissions policy, please adjust the following requirements.

Remove the use of READ_MEDIA_IMAGES/READ_MEDIA_VIDEO permission from all version codes within the submission. This includes both production and testing tracks.
If your app requires one-time, or limited use of photo and video file, remove the permissions and consider using the Android photo picker.
Send changes to Google for review. Go to Publishing overview
About the Photo and Video Permissions policy
READ_MEDIA_IMAGES/READ_MEDIA_VIDEO is a restricted permission and apps must only declare this permission if their core functionality requires broad access to all photo or video files on the device. Apps that request this restricted permission are subject to review, and those that do not meet the acceptable use case criteria will be disallowed from publishing on Google Play.

If your app requires one-time, or limited use of photo and video files, you are requested to use a system picker such as the Android photo picker.

For more information on the Android Photo picker, please see this developer guidance.
Submit an Appeal
If you believe that our decision is incorrect, you can submit an appeal. It may take up to 7 days to receive a response, but it occasionally takes longer.

Submit an appeal

If you’ve fixed this issue, send changes to your app for review on the Publishing overview page in Play Console.

Learn More
To learn more about the enforcement process, visit the Help Center. For the latest updates on Google Play’s policies, watch Android Developers’ #PolicyBytes. Choose your preferred language by changing the audio track in the settings.

Thanks for your continued support in helping to make Google Play a positive experience for both developers and consumers.

Help us improve the Google Play experience by completing our two question survey.

The Google Play Team